Updated new powershell commandlets for Multisite (#3815)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2025-ps/networkcontroller/Set-NetworkControllerMultisiteConfiguration.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Etag
{{ Fill Etag Description }}

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 5
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
Forces the command to run without asking for user confirmation

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 8
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassInnerException
This thumbprint must also be provided in the ClientCertificateThumbprint parameter in the Install-NetworkController or Set-NetworkController cmdlet so that Network Controller can authorize this user.
The thumbprint must be provided only if the network controller client authentication is X509 certificates. 
Get-NetworkController retrieves that client authentication and authorization information.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Properties

> Specifies a site configuration for Multisite Peering. Site configuration comes as a NetworkControllerMultisiteProperties object. This object can be defined as new-object Microsoft.Windows.NetworkController.NetworkControllerMultisiteProperties. Here are the following properties that can be changed:
> - CertificateSubjectName
> - [[Sites] \<NetworkControllerSite\>]
>     - ResourceID/RESTIPAddress
>     - IsPrimary
>     - State
>     - DeploymentID
>     - APIVersion
>     - ConfigurationState
>     - [[Properties] \<NetworkControllerSiteProperties\>]
>         - RestIPAddress
>         - CertificateSubjectName
>         - EncodedCertificate

Reviewer: Most of this information belongs in an example.

```suggestion
Specifies a site configuration for Multisite Peering. This parameter expects a
**NetworkControllerMultisiteProperties** object. Create a **NetworkControllerMultisiteProperties**
object containing the property values you want to set.
```

Talk about the settable properties in the example.

Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Properties

Specifies a site configuration for Multisite Peering. This parameter takes a
**NetworkControllerMultisiteProperties** object, which you can create using `New-Object`.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Windows.NetworkController.NetworkControllerMultisiteProperties
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceId

Specifies the unique identifier for the Multisite configuration

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 7
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceMetadata

This parameter contains metadata information for the client.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Windows.NetworkController.ResourceMetadata
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 6
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tags

> @{Text=}

Reviewer: What is this? Needs a proper description.
